bug tags: standardize canonical team usage (#308)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/bug-triage/bug-tags.md

| :---- | :---- |
| [`asked-to-upstream`](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bugs?field.tag=asked-to-upstream) | Users were asked to report the bug upstream themselves |

> ## Canonical Team Tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Canonical team tags
```

Some of the Canonical teams across Ubuntu development have evolved into a shared
understanding of the tags they use for their own workflows. These are meant

> to be added/removed by those teams regular triage process, but documented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be added/removed during those teams' regular triage processes, but are documented
```

here so everyone can find and understand their meaning.

| Tag | Use case |
| :---- | :---- |

> | -                 | Teams are structurally subscribed when they own (see {ref}`main-inclusion-review` a package, but in addition might subscribe to a particular bug to consider it a more likely backlog task to look back to in the future. |

Reviewer: Not sure if my suggestion retains the same meaning you intended, but I found the original a bit confusing to parse. Happy to keep workshopping on it.
